readme.md, before:

Charba - GWT Charts library based on CHART.JS
===============================================

Version 2.2

What's Charba
--------

[Google Web toolkit](http://www.gwtproject.org/) doesn't have charting library available out of the box.

There are some open source charting libraries for GWT available to be used but with some constraints or unclear items:

 * internet connection needed
 * open source license not completely clear, sometimes with some obligations like to add specific labels
 * old packages not longer maintained

For all these reasons, **Charba** has been developed, leveraging on [Chart.JS](http://www.chartjs.org/) capabilities which are now available to GWT developers.
    
Building
--------

To build **Charba**, you can check out the project and to run [Ant build.xml](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba/blob/master/build.xml).

It creates a `charba-[version.release].jar` file into `dist` folder, ready to be included into your project.

Installation
------------

Currently **Charba** is available on [MVN repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.pepstock/charba).

It will be available also on [GitHub release](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba/releases).

If you are using [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/):

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.pepstock</groupId>
    <artifactId>charba</artifactId>
    <version>2.2</version>
</dependency>
```

If you are using [Apache Ivy](http://ant.apache.org/ivy/):

```xml
<dependency org="org.pepstock" name="charba" rev="2.2"/>
```

If you are using [Gradle](https://gradle.org/):

```json
compile group: 'org.pepstock', name: 'charba', version: '2.2'
```

To install in your GWT project, you must the following configuration into your GWT project module configuration:

```xml
...
    <inherits name="org.pepstock.charba.Charba"/>
...
```

**Charba** version 1.x is based on [JSNI](http://www.gwtproject.org/doc/latest/DevGuideCodingBasicsJSNI.html) method to integrate java script objects. 

**Charba** version 2.x is based on [JSINTEROP](http://www.gwtproject.org/doc/latest/DevGuideCodingBasicsJsInterop.html) method to integrate java script objects.

JSNI will be removed with GWT 3.

JsInterop is one of the core features of GWT 2.8. 

As the name suggests, JsInterop is a way of interoperating Java with JavaScript. It offers a better way of communication between the two using annotations instead of having to write java script in your classes (using JSNI).

**Pay attention** that GWT compiler (you are using for your project) requires `-generateJsInteropExports` to be passed.

Documentation
-------------

All **Charba** documentation will be maintained into [GitHub wiki](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba/wiki) of **Charba** project.

API JavaDoc is published [here](http://www.pepstock.org/Charba/2.2/index.html). 

Showcase
--------

See [Charba showcase](http://www.pepstock.org/Charba-Showcase/Charba_Showcase.html) to have a look what you can do with it.

See also [Charba showcase source code](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba-Showcase) on GitHub as starting point.

The samples are going to reflect what CHART.JS samples are showing [here](http://www.chartjs.org/samples/latest/).

License
-------

Charba is available under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).

Commit message:

changed instructions to build project

readme.md, after:

Charba - GWT Charts library based on CHART.JS
===============================================

Version 2.2

What's Charba
--------

[Google Web toolkit](http://www.gwtproject.org/) doesn't have charting library available out of the box.

There are some open source charting libraries for GWT available to be used but with some constraints or unclear items:

 * internet connection needed
 * open source license not completely clear, sometimes with some obligations like to add specific labels
 * old packages not longer maintained

For all these reasons, **Charba** has been developed, leveraging on [Chart.JS](http://www.chartjs.org/) capabilities which are now available to GWT developers.
    
Building
--------

To build **Charba**, you can check out the project and to run [Ant build.xml](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba/blob/master/build.xml).

To build the project, execute `build-bin` target.

It creates a `charba-[version.release].jar` file into `dist` folder, ready to be included into your project.

Installation
------------

Currently **Charba** is available on [MVN repository](https://mvnrepository.com/artifact/org.pepstock/charba).

It will be available also on [GitHub release](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba/releases).

If you are using [Apache Maven](https://maven.apache.org/):

```xml
<dependency>
    <groupId>org.pepstock</groupId>
    <artifactId>charba</artifactId>
    <version>2.2</version>
</dependency>
```

If you are using [Apache Ivy](http://ant.apache.org/ivy/):

```xml
<dependency org="org.pepstock" name="charba" rev="2.2"/>
```

If you are using [Gradle](https://gradle.org/):

```json
compile group: 'org.pepstock', name: 'charba', version: '2.2'
```

To install in your GWT project, you must the following configuration into your GWT project module configuration:

```xml
...
    <inherits name="org.pepstock.charba.Charba"/>
...
```

**Charba** version 1.x is based on [JSNI](http://www.gwtproject.org/doc/latest/DevGuideCodingBasicsJSNI.html) method to integrate java script objects. 

**Charba** version 2.x is based on [JSINTEROP](http://www.gwtproject.org/doc/latest/DevGuideCodingBasicsJsInterop.html) method to integrate java script objects.

JSNI will be removed with GWT 3.

JsInterop is one of the core features of GWT 2.8. 

As the name suggests, JsInterop is a way of interoperating Java with JavaScript. It offers a better way of communication between the two using annotations instead of having to write java script in your classes (using JSNI).

**Pay attention** that GWT compiler (you are using for your project) requires `-generateJsInteropExports` to be passed.

Documentation
-------------

All **Charba** documentation will be maintained into [GitHub wiki](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba/wiki) of **Charba** project.

API JavaDoc is published [here](http://www.pepstock.org/Charba/2.2/index.html). 

Showcase
--------

See [Charba showcase](http://www.pepstock.org/Charba-Showcase/Charba_Showcase.html) to have a look what you can do with it.

See also [Charba showcase source code](https://github.com/pepstock-org/Charba-Showcase) on GitHub as starting point.

The samples are going to reflect what CHART.JS samples are showing [here](http://www.chartjs.org/samples/latest/).

License
-------

Charba is available under the [Apache 2.0 license](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0).
